●What is the intended purpose of your application?
    Online version of the puzzle game Q-Bitz. I made a simpler version last year in 235, and have since been playing more browser puzzle games for some ideas.
● What work has been completed for this milestone?
    Users can create puzzles in number form. All puzzles are an array of 16 numbers, and users can enter numbers and see the finished puzzle. Display of a user's puzzle. Display of a single puzzle (will be the gameplay page). Toggling between premium and regular account.
● What work is left, and how do you plan to complete it?
    Gameplay, which is done just needs to be converted, and a timer for the scoring.
    ○ What does your timeline/roadmap look like to finish on time?
        Last week I had a large project for another class, but this is the only programing assignment I have left in any class, so I should have a good amount of time to finish what I want to. 
● How are you using React?
    Displaying any data from server, or forms
    ○ What components have you made?
        puzzle list (adapted from listing domos), profile toggle, premium status display, puzzle prompt display, 
        ○ What components do you still plan to add?
            Score lists, update making and playing puzzles 
● What data are you storing in MongoDB?
    Account- Username, password, premium status
    Puzzle- solution (number array), creator (Account)
    ○ What data do you still need to store?
        Score- Account, Puzzle, time
        Score arrays for both Accounts and Puzzles
● What is your profit model?
    Premium accounts, premium users can create new puzzles.
    ○ Have you implemented it yet?
        ■ If so, how?
            Partially. Accounts have a status flag that can be toggled, and users can create their own puzzles. The puzzle creation isn't limited to only premium users however.
● Do you have a plan for going above and beyond? If so, what is it?
    Nothing specific yet, but there's a good chance something I'm doing counts, and I do want to do something. We'll see.
● If you used any borrowed code or code fragments, where did you get them from?
    There's likely borrowed code from some 235 demos, if there isn't yet there definitely will be once I add the gameplay.  


Original version from 235: https://people.rit.edu/ses1431/235/project3/